ABOUT POBS - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

POBS (PHP Obfuscat[eo]r), as the name suggests, is a PHP code obfuscator. It
replaces all variables, functions, classes and class methods with a
corresponding MD5 hash. All whitespace and comments are also stripped.

The goal of this project is to obfuscate any PHP application as much as
possible, so that it is almost impossible for a human reader to look at and
understand the flow of code. This is to your advantage because it ensures
that your client comes to you, and only you, for any upgrades or bug-fixes
and doen not find a 3rd party service to do so. The PHP interpreter sees the
PHP files no differently and will execute it in the same manner, and thus the
resulting HTML that is sent to the browser will be the same.

Another advantage is that POBSing a large application can reduce your
application's size by nearly 50% as the PHP parser doesn't care about
whitespace and comments. POBS employs some high-tech PCRE patterns to speed
up regular expression parsing and compilations. All replacements are made by
regex searches and the goal is to complete the process in the least number of
seconds. POBS will also return a report file for statistical information and
a tags file which wil contain all replaced strings (variable names, classes
and functions).

An implicit goal for this project is to try out some cutting-edge PHP 5
features and report bugs to the PHP Core development team. Also the
development lead for POBS would like to try out a new way of organizing this
open-source project, chucking the traditional, ineffective methods out the
window. Since POBS is not a quick-fix solution and can sometimes take a very
long time to obfuscate a script file, we invite all competent PHP programmers
to show-off their PHP finesse by employing the very latest and greatest PHP
patterns, techniques and hacks. Vigorous testing practices will be employed,
and this has the potential to unearth bugs in the latest PHP distribution,
which will be promptly reported to bugs.php.net.

POBS is both a command-line and web-based application, and uses a few PEAR
packages to facilitate development.

Rajesh <rks@meetrajesh.com>
POBS Project Lead